# CS-340-Client-Server-Development

# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by following coding best practices for the given language. In this case I used Python to create my CRUD module, so I had to ensure the code was indented and spaced correctly, as well as well commented. This ensures other users and viewers of the code can understand the thought process behind the code and why it operates the way it does. It also ensures the code is easy to read and understand. This CRUD Python module has given me an invaluable understanding of Python and the CRUD method, as well as how Python can interact with MongoDB. This will be useful in the future and can be applied to many other projects. 
    
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist, I approach a problem by first understanding each component individually before trying to piece the entire project together. This helps me work incrementally so I do not get overwhelemed with information. For this project, each component was created in steps and then pieced together at the end to create the finished project. I would use this method in the future when working with databases as it ensures attention to detail. 
    
